PROTOTYPE DESIGN PATTERN : 

    PRE-REQUISITES : 

        Copy Constructor : Constructor that creates a copy of the given object is known as Copy constructor. Typically used to create deep copy, while can also be used to create a shallow copy 

        Example : 

            Refer to CopyConstructor Directory 

    
    The Prototype Pattern is a creational design pattern that allows you to create new objects by cloning existing ones (prototypes) instead of creating them from scratch using new.
    It’s perfect when:
    Object creation is expensive (e.g., parsing config files, database load, heavy computation).
    You need multiple copies of an object with slight modifications.
                            
        

Steps to implement Prototype Pattern : 

    Have an abstract interface Prototype that has method clone
    This clone method is implemented by concrete classes like Shape in our example 
    Now we implement clone method using copy constructor of the given class. 

    Now we should store this prototypes somewhere so we can access them again right ? 
    Thats where Prototype registry comes into picture. 

    If we have single prototype registry in entire code base we can make it static class with static Map and static methods. 
    Else we can create concrete registries for different prototype entities 
    like carPrototypeRegistry, shapePrototypeRegistry. 

    Combining the Prototype Pattern with the Flyweight Pattern is one of the most efficient ways to handle large-scale object creation, especially when many objects share common (immutable) state.
    We will learn FlyWeight in future. 

Why use Prototype Abstraction ? Why not direct copy constructor ? 

        A copy constructor is perfect for one class at a time.
        A Prototype pattern is a system-level abstraction that lets you:
        Create any kind of object by cloning — without knowing its concrete class at compile time.

        Example : 
        With Copy Constructor 
            Car c1 = new Car("Tesla");
            Car c2 = new Car(c1); // must know it's a Car
        With Prototype pattern 
            Prototype prototype = registry.get("car");
            Prototype clone = prototype.clone(); // no idea what type it is, still works!

            We dont speciically know the object here 
            Just the layer of abstraction over the simple copy constructor implementation



